Add Parallelization to SolutionInvalidity (#23198)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/newsletter/2023/2023_01.md

automatic porosity jump detection as they interpolate face values from cell
center values.

> ### Improved the ability to mark the converged solution invalid

Reviewer: I appreciate the newsletter comment! One request though - could you place this in the February file (`2023_02.md`) since this didn't make it in during January?

Author: This is done in the new commit

> We have improved the ability to [mark a solution as "invalid"](source/problems/SolutionInvalidity.md). It allows the users to mark a solution as "invalid" and output which object and how many times the warning occurs. An invalid solution means that the solution somehow does not satisfy requirements such as a value being out of the bounds of a correlation.  Solutions are allowed to be invalid *during* the nonlinear solve - but are not allowed to be invalid once it converges. A "converged" solution that is marked as invalid will cause MOOSE to behave as if the solution did NOT converge - including cutting back timesteps, etc. A macro is provided to declare a solution as "invalid". The users could also have a user-defined short description of the object(optional) and a message to describe the invalidity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have improved the recently-added capability that allows a user to [mark a solution as "invalid"](source/problems/SolutionInvalidity.md). Once marked invalid, the system allows output of which object triggered the invalidity as well as how many times the warning occurs. An invalid solution means that the solution somehow does not satisfy requirements, such as a value being out of the bounds of a correlation.  Solutions are allowed to be invalid *during* the nonlinear solve - but are not allowed to be invalid once it converges. A "converged" solution that is marked as invalid will cause MOOSE to behave as if the solution did NOT converge - including cutting back timesteps, etc. A macro, `flagInvalidSolution`, is provided to declare a solution as "invalid". The macro allows for a user-defined short description of the object (optional) and a message to describe the invalidity.
```
